docs: fix upgrade guide and add add policy guide (#2194)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault: website/docs/guides/policies.html.markdown

---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault Policies and the Terraform Vault Provider"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-policies-and-tfvp"
description: |-
  Vault Policies and the Terraform Vault Provider

---

# Vault Policies and the Terraform Vault Provider

Vault uses policies to govern the behavior of clients and instrument Role-Based
Access Control (RBAC) by specifying access privileges (authorization).

Vault's [root](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/concepts/policies#root-policy)
policy is capable of performing every operation for all paths. Root tokens are
tokens that have the `root` policy attached to them. Root tokens are useful in
development but should be carefully guarded in production.

In environments where permissions are least privilege, the Terraform Vault
Provider should not be given a token that has the root policy assigned to it.
Instead, the Vault provider should be given a token that limits its actions to only
the operations that it needs to provision Vault's resources.

> For example, the following policy would limit the Vault provider to enabling and

Reviewer: nit: wondering if it is worth highlighting full lifecycle management
```suggestion
For example, the following policy would limit the Vault provider to managing the lifecycle for the
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault/pull/2194/commits/ec4bb85f1b144efcbb5b45def84d4719dd140c65
